[ASCII-1513] Add json flag to diagnose command (#25010)
DataDog/datadog-agent: cmd/agent/subcommands/diagnose/README.md

  -t, --list              list diagnose suites
  -l, --local             force diagnose execution by the command line instead of the agent process (useful when troubleshooting privilege related problems)
  -v, --verbose           verbose output, includes passed diagnoses, and diagnoses description

>   -j, --json              output in a json file

Reviewer: **❓ question:** you mean format here (instead of file) ?‏

Author: fixed

Normally a successful diagnosis is printed as a single dot character. If verbose option is specified successful diagnosis is printed fully. With verbose option diagnosis description is also printed.

### ```local``` option
Normally, internal diagnose functions run in the context of the Agent and other services. It can be overridden with –run-as-user options, and if specified, diagnose functions are executed in the context of the Agent diagnose CLI process if possible.

## ```json``` option

> Normally, diagnose is displayed on stdout. If the JSON option is specified, the output is formatted as JSON

Reviewer: **💭 thought:** ‏JSON is still printed on stdout right ? If yes, I don't think the first sentence is needed.

Author: yes it changed at the last minute to just display it on stdout

Author: fixed

### ```local``` option

> Normally internal diagnose functions will run in the context of agent and other services. It can be overridden via –run-as-user options and if specified diagnose functions will be executed in context of the agent diagnose CLI process if possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Normally, internal diagnose functions run in the context of the Agent and other services. It can be overridden with –run-as-user options, and if specified, diagnose functions are executed in the context of the Agent diagnose CLI process if possible.
```

## ```json``` option

> Normally diagnose is displayed on stdout. If JSON option is specified, the output will be formated as JSON

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Normally, diagnose is displayed on stdout. If the JSON option is specified, the output is formatted as JSON
```
